Steps:
1. Set up the database tables that would be needed
Learn to create tables in the database using phpMyAdmin for customization and add the tables

2. Learn php to set up connecting the database to the interface
The middleman between MySQL and HTML
Ask professor about setting up the MySQL Queries, Php, and HTML (connecting them)

3. Set up the interface with HTML & CSS

PhpMyAdmin:
metube__user
p@ssword1

PLAN (What we need):
Once user has logged in, establish a session with their user and Password

---From the log in/sign up page go to the metube home page
    This page will display 4 most recently uploaded videos, audios, and images, along with their title
    Establish 
    Enable keyword Search
        SELECT 4 FROM media WHERE keyword="input" AND type=".mp4"

In the subscriptions page, display the 4 most recently uploaded media from anyone in their friends list
    This one will be slightly more complicated. Will need to first select all of the user's friends, then append that list to media and sort to find their most recent videos
Make an array containing all of the userID's of the current user's friends
Select 4 recent medias from the media table who's userID's are present in the array

---On the profile main page, display the user's most recent uploads, separated by type

---On the profile about page, display their about Description

On the friends page, display a list of their friends.
    Clicking on of their friends will take them to a profile page of their friends
    Get friend's userID from clicking their name

On the playlist page, display a list of their playlists.  Clicking on a playlist name will display the media in the playlist, separated by type

Clicking on the media in any page will take them to a media page. (HAVE TO MAKE THE TITLES LINKS)
    This media page will display the playable or viewable media
    Underneath will be the like and dislike count
    Under that will be the comments, ordered by date/time. Each comment will have the username of the one who posted it displayed next to it

Messaging
"his  messaging  system  works  as  a  
web-based email system with which users can send, receive, reply, and delete messages. A user can create or join a 
discussion group to share and discuss interests and multimedia files. Once a user creates or joins a group, it can start 
a discussion topic, post a multimedia files, or post comments on discussion topics or multimedia files. "

When not logged in, esssion variable for userID is NULL and prevents them 






Keyword Search
When user types in the keyword they want:
    Search through MultiMedia table for that keyword
        If it is present, display the media with the corresponding IDs


TO-DO:
Design Structure of media viewing pages
Design logic of Playlists
Design Friends page as well as playlist page
Learn CSS to make all of the pages pretty
Design About page

Establish Session Variables
    - Username
    - Password